docs: more information on run flow component (#6046)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Agents/agent-tool-calling-agent-component.md

* You need to learn a new software language quickly.
Point **API Request** to some docs, tell your agent `You are a knowledgeable software developer who uses the tools at your disposal`, and start learning.

> If your agent is not working as expected, use the **Edit Tools** button to modify a connected tool's `name`, `description`, and `inputs` metadata. This information helps the agent understand how to use the tool.

Reviewer: @mendonk This might need an update.

The idea is Each Component in tool mode has an Edit Tools option corresponding to the component as a tool.

So Edit Tools on Agent Component will be for the Agent as tools.
I think we might need to explain it much more clearly.

Author: Added more explanation

See what problems you can solve with this flow. As your problem becomes more specialized, add a tool. For example, the [simple agent starter project](/starter-projects-simple-agent) adds a Python REPL component to solve math problems that are too challenging for the calculator.

### Edit a tool's metadata

If your agent is not working as expected, click the **Edit Tools** button in the attached tools to modify a connected tool's `name` or `description` metadata. These fields help the agent understand how to use the tool, without having to modify the agent's prompt instructions.

For example, the [URL](/components-data#url) component has three tools available when **Tool Mode** is enabled. 

| Tool Name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | `URL-fetch_content` | Use this tool to fetch and retrieve raw content from a URL, including HTML and other structured data. Returns the full response content. |
> | `URL-fetch_content_text` | Use this tool to fetch and extract clean, readable text content from a webpage. Returns plain text content only. |
> | `URL-as_dataframe` | Use this tool to fetch structured data from a URL and convert it into a tabular format. Returns data in a structured DataFrame table format. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `URL-fetch_content` | Use this tool to fetch and retrieve raw content from a URL, including HTML and other structured data. The full response content is returned. |
| `URL-fetch_content_text` | Use this tool to fetch and extract clean, readable text content from a webpage. Only plain text content is returned. |
| `URL-as_dataframe` | Use this tool to fetch structured data from a URL and convert it into a tabular format. Data is returned in a structured DataFrame table format. |
```

The new agent will use `gpt-4o` for the larger tasks of scraping and searching information that requires large context windows.
The problem-solving agent will now use this agent as a tool, with its unique LLM and toolset.

![The tool calling agent as a tool](/img/tool-calling-agent-as-tool.png)

7. The new agent's metadata can be edited to help the problem-solving agent understand how to use it.
Click **Edit Tools** to modify the new agent's `name` or `description` metadata so its usage is clear to the problem-solving agent.

> 8. For example, the default tool name is `Agent`. Edit the name to `Agent-gpt-4o`, and edit the description to `Use the gpt-4o model for complex problem solving`. The problem-solving agent will understand that this is the `gpt-4o` agent, and will use it for tasks requiring a larger context window.

Reviewer 2: Step 8 should not be a numbered step because it's an example for step 7. Make it a paragraph below step 7 instead of a numbered step.

1. To add a **Run flow** component, click and drag a **Run flow** component to your workspace.
2. Select the flow you want the agent to use as a tool.
3. Enable **Tool Mode** in the component.
4. Connect the tool output to the agent's tools input.

> 5. To enable tool mode, click **Tool Mode** in the **Run flow** component.

Reviewer 2: Put the location where you need to select a UI item before the instruction to select the item. In this case, it should be "To enable tool mode, in the **Run flow** component, click **Tool Mode**.
